how dare you humiliate Jack
in front of this city's wealthiest people
what are you talking about
I was just telling grandma how you got Nathan
first off at Jack at the auction
I didn't do anything like that
doesn't matter
your engagement to Jack is a family matter
it was your grandpa's final wish
how dare you not respect that mom
we got here as soon as we could
don't call me that you don't deserve to bury the rose
name both of you
the apple doesn't fall far from the tree
especially the rotten ones
I'm sorry I don't know what happened
but I'm sure we can figure this out
ask your daughter what happened
she accepted that hideous diamond from Nathan Forbes
embarrassing our Jack now
everyone's gonna think of her as a gold digger
with no shame
oh if only you could be more like Connie
more like Connie you mean more like a homewrecker
what